Restructure the minimal examples section [DOC-144] (#200)
mila-iqia/mila-docs: docs/Minimal_examples.rst

****************
Minimal Examples
****************

This section contains some minimal examples of how to run jobs on the Mila cluster.

Each example is self-contained and can be run as-is directly on the cluster without error.

> Examples has the following structured:

Author: ```suggestion
Each example has the following structure:
```

> Examples has the following structured:

Author: Thanks @soline-b , fixed in b65f07910eed917294fdcbad249f8ee728044d70

****************
Minimal Examples
****************

> This section contains some minimal examples of how to run jobs on the Mila cluster.

Author: I prefer "examples of" than "examples about"

Each example is self-contained and can be run as-is directly on the cluster without error.
Examples has the following structured:

* ``job.sh``: SLURM ``sbatch`` script. Can be launched with ``sbatch job.sh``.
* ``main.py``: Example python script.

> Some examples (for example :doc:`this one <examples/distributed/multi_gpu/_index>`) are displayed in terms of the difference
> between some "base" example and the "new" example.

Author: ```suggestion
Some examples are displayed as a difference with respect to a "base" example. For instance, the :doc:`multi-gpu example <examples/distributed/multi_gpu/index>` is shown as a difference with respect to the :doc:`single-gpu example <examples/distributed/single_gpu/index>`.
```

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    examples/frameworks/index
    examples/distributed/index

>     examples/good_practices/index

Author: Interesting idea, I'll try it out.

>     examples/good_practices/index

Author: I'm unable to make this work locally. Perhaps I'm doing something wrong. Did you mean to remove the toctree here instead have something like this in the `index.rst`?

```
.. toctree::
   :caption: Minimal Examples
   :maxdepth: 2

   Minimal_examples
   examples/frameworks/index
   examples/distributed/index
   examples/good_practices/index
```

If so, this doesn't seem to work correctly, there is still only "Minimal Examples" under the "MINIMAL EXAMPLES" section in the left navbar.

>     examples/good_practices/index

Author: Oh also: I think that using `.. include` would make them all end up in the same page, right? I ideally wouldn't want that to happen here.

>     examples/good_practices/index

Author: Fixed in 0f5ddd05b40561873df6f3bc566bffce36dedced
